RPATH Fix for portable_lib Python Extension (#13254)
pytorch/executorch: CMakeLists.txt

  target_compile_options(portable_lib PUBLIC ${_pybind_compile_options})
  target_link_libraries(portable_lib PRIVATE ${_dep_libs})

>   # Set RPATH to find PyTorch libraries relative to the installation location
>   # This goes from executorch/extension/pybindings up to site-packages, then to torch/lib
>   if(APPLE)
>     set_target_properties(portable_lib PROPERTIES
>       BUILD_RPATH "@loader_path/../../../torch/lib"
>       INSTALL_RPATH "@loader_path/../../../torch/lib"
>     )
>   else()
>     set_target_properties(portable_lib PROPERTIES
>       BUILD_RPATH "$ORIGIN/../../../torch/lib"
>       INSTALL_RPATH "$ORIGIN/../../../torch/lib"
>     )
>   endif()
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
  # Configure RPATH for portable_lib to find libtorch_python.so at runtime
  # Strategy: Use relative paths to find torch libraries in the user's environment
  # not the build environment's torch installation
  
  # First, we need to override the global CMAKE_INSTALL_RPATH_USE_LINK_PATH for this target
  # to prevent build-time paths from being embedded
  set_target_properties(portable_lib PROPERTIES
    INSTALL_RPATH_USE_LINK_PATH OFF  # Critical: Don't add build-time library paths
  )
  
  # Set platform-specific relative paths
  if(APPLE)
    # macOS: use @loader_path for relative paths
    # @loader_path = directory containing the library itself
    set_target_properties(portable_lib PROPERTIES
      INSTALL_RPATH "@loader_path;@loader_path/../../../torch/lib"
      BUILD_WITH_INSTALL_RPATH FALSE  # Use normal build RPATH during build
    )
  else()
    # Linux: use $ORIGIN for relative paths  
    # $ORIGIN = directory containing the library itself
    set_target_properties(portable_lib PROPERTIES
      INSTALL_RPATH "\$ORIGIN;\$ORIGIN/../../../torch/lib"
      BUILD_WITH_INSTALL_RPATH FALSE  # Use normal build RPATH during build
    )
  endif()
```

Reviewer: Need to treat build RPATH and install RPATH differently.
